# TERM TOOLS

This repository contains my terminal config and plugins for vim and tmux.

## FEATURES
 * Packages `autojump`, `guake`, `solarized`, `tomorrow`, `zsh`, `oh-my-zsh`
 * Includes configuration and wrappers for the above
 * Packages the best vim plugins: `closetag` `ctrlp` `easymotion` `fswitch`
   `fugitive` `gitignore` `gundo` `latex` `matchit` `nerdcommenter` `nerdtree`
   `powerline` `python-mode` `rainbow-parentheses` `searchcomplete` `showmarks`
   `solarized` `supertab` `surround` `syntastic` `tabman` `tagbar`
   `tomorrow-night` `yankstack`
 * Improved `~/.vimrc` key mappings

## INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

0. Checkout term-tools:
   <pre>cd $HOME; git clone git://github.com/seanbell/term-tools.git</pre>

   If you want to install these elsewhere, you need to search the scripts for
   `~/term-tools` and change them to the new location (sorry).

1. Install vim: <pre>sudo apt-get install vim-nox</pre>

2. Install patched Ubuntu fonts.  Open `ubuntu-font-family-0.80/` using the
   file manager, open each of `UbuntuMono-*-Powerline.ttf` and click install.

3. Backup and delete (aka `mv`) your `~/.zshrc`, `~/.vimrc`, `~/.gvimrc`,
   `~/.vim`, and `~/.tmux.conf` files if you have them.

4. Install everything with `./install.sh`.  You shouldn't need to run it with
   `sudo`, though the script will make calls to `sudo` internally.  It will ask
   whether each component should be installed.  Run with `-f` to overwrite any
   existing config you may have.

5. Add this line: <pre>source ~/term-tools/config/shrc.sh</pre> to your
   `~/.bashrc` and `~/.zshrc` (`shrc.sh` already includes the autojump include
   code -- no need to include it twice).  Note that this will install zsh, so
   you should include the above line in both `~/.bashrc` and `~/.zshrc`

6. Create a gnome terminal profile "solarized", run the installer in
   `gnome-terminal-colors-solarized`, and then make "solarized" the default
   gnome terminal profile.  In that profile, make the font `Ubuntu Mono for
   Powerline 13`.

7. Suggested: remap caps lock to escape -- open "keyboard layout" from the
   ubuntu menu (super key) choose "options..." then "Caps lock key behavior".
   Select "make caps lock an additional escape"

## USAGE

1. The Vim commands are detailed in `~/.vimrc`

2. For autojump, use the command `j` with a substring of the directly you want to visit
   (that you have previously visited since installing these tools)

